Demisto-sdk release 1.35.0 (#4796)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.35.0 (2025-02-03)
### Fix
* Fixed an issue where the ***demisto-sdk setup-env*** command failed when no *file_paths* argument was provided. [#4791](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4791)
* Fixed an issue where the ***demisto-sdk validate*** command ran on the remote branch instead of the local current branch by default. [#4778](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4778)

### Internal

> * Allow setting the dependency min version in the pack metadata. [#4786](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4786)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for setting the dependency minimum version in the pack metadata. [#4786](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4786)
```
